Restructure GSA documentation (#320)
JuliaDiffEq/DiffEqDocs.jl: docs/src/analysis/global_sensitivity.md

effects for each parameter which takes into consideration all the interactions and its
individual contribution.

### Sobol Method

The `Sobol` object has as its fields the `order` of the indices to be estimated. 

- `order` - the order of the indices to calculate. Defaults to `[0,1]`, which means the

>   Total and first order indices. Currently only these are allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Total and First order indices. Passing `2` enables calculation of the Second order indices as well.
```
